add gateway.controllername to config docs (#3732)
projectcontour/contour: site/content/docs/main/configuration.md

| Field Name | Type| Default  | Description |
|------------|-----|----------|-------------|

> | controllerName | string |  | Gateway Class controller name (i.e. projectcontour.io/projectcontour/contour).  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| controllerName | string | `projectcontour.io/<contour namespace>/contour` | Specifies the GatewayClass controller name to reconcile. |
```

maybe add this as the default? If i remember right that's what the default ends up being, maybe good enough to make the namespace `projectcontour`

Author: There isn't a default anymore. The controllerName was made a pointer right now to allow some time to not break any existing users.

Reviewer: ah ok, disregard then
